My name is Takaichi from Company H.
Among that, I will select the topics related to all the executives and explain them.
Okay, can you proceed with this Takada?
It's okay, I wanted to talk to you in-person too.
My name is Takada and I am in the Public Relations IR Office of Company I.
Thank you as always, my name is Takada from Company I.
Oh, I don't think I have an appointment.
Thank you as always, my name is Nose from Trust Company M.
What's wrong?
Thank you very much for calling our customer service.
How are you, Goto-san.
How was your vacation?
Thanks to everyone's hard work, our sales for the new software has already surpassed our sales forecast.
Is Okano-san there?
Did you hear about the announcement by the American Company B that we might do business with?
How are you Tamaoka-san.
My name is Masuda from Company B and I ordered a calculator the other day.
This is Deguchi, the editor in charge of the Nordic Travel Magazine.
How are you.
Yamashita-san.
We will start the meeting.
Is Kawamoto-san in today?
I heard you'll be part of the interview for the mid-career hire on Wednesday this week.
This is Takada from Company B
My name is Okada and I will be the moderator today.
Do you have a moment?
Oh, a bit earlier than planned?
Which store?
Our company is celebrating our 50th anniversary and we decided to renew our brand logo.
What is the topic for today?
What are we going to do this year?
From what you have been learning, you should have enough knowledge on our products by now.
Thank you, I made it myself.
If it works out well, we will have connections with Indonesia.
Since Car G is a very popular model, it was really hard for us to give you a discount.
We are not talking about just nodding when we say the word listening here.
I am calling to talk to you about insurance information that could benefit you.
We would like to go over our contingency plans again.
Yamamoto san, please explain the situation.
I made too much curry last night so I decided to bring some in for lunch.
I'm here to relay the feedback I've collected from people who regularly eat at the cafeteria.
My name is Narita from Company N, I'd like to order catering.
Oh no, it's egg.
What, there was an increase 2 months ago too, right?
I'd like to think about what we can do to achieve that with everybody.
Let's get right into it so please look at the material in front of you.
Yes, what is it Kinoshita-san?
Yes this is Kawai, thank you as always.
I just joined the company today and I'm not too familiar with this area.
Thank you for taking time for me, too.
Time goes so quickly on Friday.
It's Semi Con season again, isn't it.
Please, Mr. Sakuma.
Please have a seat.
Today's topic is about the internship program that our company is implementing starting the next quarter.
This is Asano from business development department in Tokyo headquarter.
I am going to present the development plan on the location that we made a successful bid for last month.
This is Kawada from Executive Office, may I speak to Mr. Tsukada?
They are in grade two and four.
My name is Ogawa from S Company that develops the system.
Yes, I think that matters develop smoothly if they meet face to face with the person in charge by going there.
Yes, thank you so much for calling.
No problem, it's my pleasure.
I'd like to show you the brief plan on developing the new product.
Let's talk without taking too much time.
Yes, what are you having an issue with?
Oh, how old is it?
Yes, I have been going more for meetings and sales.
I look forward to working with you today.
Oh, good luck.
I was enduring it for the entire time but my head started to hurt when I was listening to it together with them.
Yes, that's right.
Yes, what is it?
Hello, I wanted talk about a product I bought at your store.
Did you notice anything after looking at it yourself?
Hello, thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule.
It's July.
There's no space at the usual hotel?
Yes, it's from 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
Yes, what is it?
You've been complaining for a while but what's up?
About work, right?
It's already happening next year.
What's wrong?
I think the snow will accumulate.
Ogawa-san from where?
As I mentioned in the email, we will be explaining how the office security system is going change.
Yes, what can I do?
It was a bento vendor who supplies offices in the neighborhood.
Koda-san from where?
What's up?
How was it?
Right, it's that season.
Okay, can you transfer the call over?
As written on the notice of convocation, this is about an issue that needs to be reported.
Thank you for your business as always, this is Takada from Company I human resources investor relations department.
Having an urgent meeting, what's going on?
What's going on, Mizuguchi-kun?
Sure, what's going on?
Thank you for your patronage, this is Watanabe from T economic publishing.
I'd like to inquire about the arrangements for office equipment.
Yes sir, we are open nine to five Monday to Friday and ten to four on weekends.
No, not yet.
Certainly Sir, How may I help you?
Sales have increased 10 percent overall which is due to the new products released two weeks ago.
I didn't notice that.
We have grilled fish for the Japanese meal and steak for the Western meal, which would you like?
My name is Nakamura and I will be accompanying you today.
Sure, since there is no big meeting or anything tomorrow.
Yes, why?
Thank you for attending today's new employee orientation.
Hello, this is Tanaka from M Company New York, is Mr. Murano at the sales available?
Specifically what?
Oh, what is it?
What?
Yes.
Yes, it's been a couple of days later than before.
Yes, please start.
Oh, Rika, what is it?
Yeah, I was getting stuff ready for tomorrow's meeting.
Hello, this is Otani of Sales at G Company.
I am planning to take it for two weeks in late June.
I can't seem to search online.
Good morning.
Yes, my client just left, so I have about an hour.
Ah, it says something like interdivisional social event, right?
Click the training management system ”Performance Supporter" icon and login with your Manager ID.
Here is today's main topic.
First of all, the biggest issue is that our new hire turnover rate has been higher in the last few years, noticeably high for the new employees in the first 3 months.
I believe you've looked over issues and possible modifications on the document I've sent the other day.
We're going to check the current situations based on the results of questionnaire for managers.
I can't believe how fast you drink, Kiichi.
As I've roughly explained earlier, a persona is our ideal user model.
We'll learn about "customer journey" today.
Again, because of time constraints, allow me to call only each of your names and departments, I'd appreciate your understanding.
I really appreciate you all for attending our first bimonthly joint workshop.
I am also going with him this time.
Oh, that, I think I will probably be going there once on next Wednesday.
First of all, this company asks all employees to use public transportation for commuting.
I've just received an important email from the HR.
Oh, we haven't finished everything yet, though.
Yes, Tadashi, the reference room is really....
Along with that, we have more people who do not understand various HR regulations.
Today, I have something to tell you regarding our commuting regulations.
You've been working hard, Inoue-san.
Okay.
Are you going to go anywhere?
Well, the sales increased this year and I think the customers thought highly of me.
That's a random thing to ask, what's wrong?
I only know enough English to be able to have daily conversation yet was put in charge, and there were times when I struggled but managed to get through it.
Obligatory gift chocolate...
Where did you find it?
We actually had to get them to submit it when we contracted the work out though.
Sure.
What will it be this time?
I will have Yoshikawa-kun who is in charge of this to explain the details.
I feel really bad when I serve this to guests.
We will now start the morning meeting.
I plan on it, but I only have 5 days of paid vacation.
Yes, my mother actually fell ill and I am thinking of moving soon.
This will be a first time so it may lead to the creation of a new team.
Oh hi Tanaka-san.
Yes, they're starting junior-high this year.
I'm scheduled to have a meeting with Director Sato at three o'clock.
Hello, this is Sato from A Corporation, is Tanaka-san there?
I'd like to discuss whether we should continue to go with Company H, or switch to Company C.
Hello, it's always a pleasure to speak to you.
What documents from last year?
Hello.
This is A Corporation.
Likewise, thank you for your time.
Is Director Sato there?
This is A Corporation.
No, I haven't heard anything yet.
I've just sent you the data for the quote to Company A, could you have a look at it for me please?
This is Company B.
I'm sorry, I'm still waiting for a response from Company B.
Oh yes, sorry for not replying.
Welcome back.
Yes, I can do that.
It's the error that pops up when making a new configuration file, right?
This is Murayama.
It sure is cold this morning.
Oh, thank you very much for arranging everything.
Yes, I wanted to ask you about that too.
Oh, already?
No, not yet.
This is Takada from the Administrative Systems Division.
Sorry, can you hold on for a moment.
The coffee smells different from usual.
Track record, right, we have enough to make one now.
Yes, the one from Mr. Yoshida from Company M?
Thank you as always.
My name is Yoshida from Company M.
I don't see it on that shelf but do you still have it in stock?
Do you have a moment now?
Hi there, my name is Matsui from Company K.
Yes, what is it?
Here is your jacket.
Yes, I just woke up.
Yeah.
I'm just in the room and don't really go out.
Oh, Mr. Yamaguchi, is this your last day here?
Oh, hi Ms. Nakamura, yes I do.
Hi, Nao, good morning.
Yes, please.
That's what I was going to do.
Wow, only two more months left.
Yeah.
Can I speak to someone in the Product Planning Group?
Yes, it is.
I haven't even started yet.
Yes, it is to follow up on the installation of that system.
I didn't get home until late, so no.
Yes, we all are.
Yes.
Oh, hi, Phil.
My pleasure, it was good to actually see the lab.
Oh, yes.
I know, you're going to your daughter's place, right?
Why?
Can you look at the agenda in front of you?
Hey, Masao, good morning.
Have you hear the rumor going around this morning?
This is Company A.
Each of you will be responsible for making sure your floor stays safe, so I expect you to know our emergency procedures.
Of course!
Today, I'd like to talk about an upcoming charity marathon against cancer.
Most of our clients are already on winter break.
This is Kitagawa from the Admin Department.
Oh, you must be Ms. Nagai.
It looks like we are pretty much ready to wrap this up.
Okay, what is it?
I am Mitsuo of H Architects.
Oh hi, Junko, good morning.
I have a meeting at three, so until then.
Good morning, Tim.
Yes, it is.
Yes, what?
This is he.
Yoko will be a bit late.
I still have a jet lag.
So, will you come to the meeting room?
Actually, I have not been feeling very well recently.
Really?
Now, I’m going to show you how to use our sales database software.
Ah, thanks.
Sure.
Thank you.
Hello, I have a question about English courses for companies.
One of the most important points in a PowerPoint presentation is eye contact.
Well, I found your idea to establish a boarding language school especially for the Japanese ladies to be quite unique and interesting.
Do you have any problems?
Not yet.
I’m Yamazaki from Company N.
It’s all right.
Eh, I haven’t been told.
So, I've learned that I'm pregnant.
It's about thirty in total.
Sure.
Tanaka-san, have you decided on potential sites for the venue?
Hello, my name is Ueno and I ordered a bag the other day.
Are you talking about the delivery time, yeah, I did.
Oh yes, I have something to talk with you about personnel changes next spring.
This is Saito from ABC Trading, may I speak to Mr. Nishimura?
Is Mr. Sakata in the sales planning department available?
Okay, could you report the progression status for this week, starting from Masaya?
I hope it would be somewhere nice like last year's party.
Could I have your name first, please?
Good morning Ms. Nishida.
My pleasure Mr. Watanabe.
I'm especially thankful that you could speak on such short notice.
Hello.
How's everyone doing?
Sure.
Yes, please.
Sure.
Company A.
This is Brian Smith.
Any questions so far?
Hello, thank you for coming.
Hi, I've just received the flour I ordered today, but the bag was ripped and flour had come out of it.
Hello, I've seen an ad about English teacher's job on your website.
I appreciate it too.
Ah, Ms. Ishida from HR.
Please explain the progress since Monday.
How's it going?
Yes, I do.
Really, this early?
Hello.
Yes, Mr. Kobayashi, what can I do for you?
I'm fine, thank you.
I'd like to take these.
Hi, I just purchased these 3 boxes about 30 minutes ago.
Can you talk now?
Hi my name is Miura from room 2512.
Here's a souvenir.
Hello, this is Kawada from D, Inc.
Last year we went to a seafood restaurant, so I'd like to try another place.
Motoi-san, do you know anyone who's looking for a job?
I bet I'll end up deep-cleaning the house, watching Kohaku Uta Gassen, and just like that, my seven days of vacation will be over.
